LAB: MySQL and PHP Advanced
This document defines the lab assignments for the "PHP WEB @ Software University.  

Part I - Transaction in SQL
All tasks with SQL Scripts must be sent as text files with .sql extension

Problem 1.	Prepare Database

?	Create new database with name “php-course”
?	Create table with name “students”
0	Table must contains data for:
¦	Student ID
¦	Student First Name
¦	Student Last Name
¦	Student number
?	Create table with name “courses”
0	Table must contains data for:
¦	Course ID
¦	Course Name
?	Create table with name “student_subscriptions”
0	Table must contains data for:
¦	Course ID
¦	Student ID
0	Populate table with 2 rows of sample data
?	Make necessary relations and indexes

Problem 2.	Populate tables via PHP file
?	Create php file that get student data from standard input. The script must receive data until get the “edn” keyword. Other lines will be in this format 
0	<First_name> <Last_name> <Studen_number> <CourseName>
?	If student number exists - the script must throw Exception, print message on screen and continue receiving data
?	If student number did not exists  - student data must be writen in database
?	if course name exists - current student must be subscribed to it
?	if course name did not exists - the script must throw Exception, print message on screen and continue receiving data. No any data for current student should not recorded into database 

Problem 3.	Create procedure 
?	Prepare SQL for creating procedure
0	Procedure must return data for all students
0	result must include
¦	First and last name into one column
¦	Student number
¦	Course NAME
Problem 4.	Call procedure
?	Call procedure from problem 3 in PHP file and print data


Problem 5.	Create trigger
Create SQL trigger on table students
Trigger must execute on insert and validate student number. The number must be at least 5 digits
Problem 6.	Create trigger II *
?	Add new column “subscribers” into table “courses“
0	It must contains number of subscribed students in current course
?	Create necessary SQL triggers on table “student_subscriptions” so that new column “subscribers” always show exact number of students in current course when new subscription is added
0	
Òhe solution to the task must contains SQL definition of triggers

